Well, if you need it.
Then I will pay you back at any time as long as you accept it.
I don't worry.
joke
If I get rejected, I'll lose a lot.
After all, I don't have that much money myself
Ah Suna boy
I didn't expect you to have such an amazing boyfriend.
We are classmates after all
Do you have to take me more in the future?
You are developed, don't forget us.
You just helped Gao Sheng humiliate Tianze
Now the face-changing knife is very fast.
Hmm, tell you no way
Tianze, let's go
God, thank you for helping me so much, right?
Tomorrow night.
I will hold a special live stream for you.
Please, please come!
Ok, I will definitely come, I will wait for you.
Hey Linger, what's wrong?
Hello, Chizawa
Brother Ye, he dug up my grandfather's ashes
What!